test/README.md, before:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
# http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
#  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.
#
-->
# Android Native Tests #

These tests are designed to verify Android native features and other Android specific features.

## Initial Setup ##

Before running the tests, they need to be set up.

0. Copy cordova-x.y.z.jar into libs directory

To run from command line:

0. Build by entering `ant debug install`
0. Run tests by clicking on "CordovaTest" icon on device

To run from Eclipse:

0. Import Android project into Eclipse
0. Ensure Project properties "Java Build Path" includes the lib/cordova-x.y.z.jar
0. Create run configuration if not already created
0. Run tests 

## Automatic Runs ##

Once you have installed the test, you can launch and run the tests
automatically with the below command:

    adb shell am instrument -w org.apache.cordova.test/android.test.InstrumentationTestRunner

(Optionally, you can also run in Eclipse)

Commit message:

CB-5346 Fix and cleanup broken Android unit test
- Found stale cordova.js in the test project. Changed ant script to copy in
  a fresh one in the pre-build stage. Removed stale copies from git, added
  to .gitignore. This is what was causing the test failure when sending
  javascript to the webview.
- Found almost-stale copy of device plugin, did the same as above.
- Fixed spacing in log messages in CordovaWebView.
- Updated README.md with current information.
- Removed dollar signs that were previously accidently appended to the license.
- Added cordova version to html pages, next to the other metadata.
- Fix incorrect separator in the viewport meta tag.
- Changed old-style <log> tag to <preference name="loglevel"> in config.xml.
- In BackButtonMultiPageTest, increased the TIMEOUT so the deviceready event
  can trigger the referenced javascript, improved the setup() method to
  explicitly load the starting point.

test/README.md, after:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
# 
# http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
# 
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
#  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.
#
-->
# Android Native Tests #

These tests are designed to verify Android native features and other Android specific features.

## Initial Setup ##

There really isn't any manual setup to do. The ant script takes care of that.
You don't even need to compile cordova-x.y.z.jar or copy it, because 
project.properties has a library reference to ../framework.

To run manually from command line:

0. Build by entering `ant debug install`
0. Run tests by clicking on "CordovaTest" icon on device

To run from Eclipse:

0. Import Android project into Eclipse
0. Ensure Project properties "Java Build Path" includes the lib/cordova-x.y.z.jar
0. Create run configuration if not already created
0. Run As -> Android JUnit Test

## Automatic Runs ##

Once you have installed the test, you can launch and run the tests
automatically with the below command:

    adb shell am instrument -w org.apache.cordova.test/android.test.InstrumentationTestRunner
